Update prover_service.mdx (#94)
calimero-is-near/docs: docs/bridge/prover_service.mdx

sidebar_position: 6
---

> The bridge service is a crucial component that facilitates token transfers and enables cross-shard calls between different blockchain networks. This section focuses on the transfer of NEAR tokens from the mainnet to a Calimero shard as an example use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bridge service is a component that facilitates token transfers and enables cross-shard calls between different blockchains. This section focuses on the transfer of NEAR tokens from the mainnet to a Calimero shard as an example use case.
```
crucial is too much in my opinion, all bridge components are crucial, as the bridge would not work without any of them missing

Author: Okay 👌
